Nitro feedback (#1)
tudorpip/nitro: docs/2.deploy/20.providers/genezio.md

# Genezio

> Deploy Nitro apps to Genezio.

**Preset:** `genezio`

:read-more{title="Genezio" to="https://genezio.com"}

# Project Setup

## 1. Install genezio CLI globally

```bash
npm install genezio -g
```

## Build and deploy

> #### Build your Nitro project using the `Genezio` preset:

Reviewer: Add a newline after headers.
```suggestion

#### Build your Nitro project using the `Genezio` preset:
```

> ```bash
> nitro build --preset genezio
> ```

Reviewer: Add a newline before and after code blocks.
```suggestion

```bash
nitro build --preset genezio
```

```

Building the project will automatically create a default `genezio.yaml` configuration file, if it doesn't already exist.

To further customize the file to your needs, you can consult the
[official documentation](https://genezio.com/docs/project-structure/genezio-configuration-file/).

## 3. Deploy your project

Run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
genezio deploy
```

If your application use environment variables, you can deploy them using the following command:

```bash
genezio deploy --env <path-to-your-env-file>
```

:::info
You need to deploy your environment variables single time.
After that, you can deploy your project without the `--env` flag.

> :::

Reviewer: This is subject to change in the future - there is a task to improve setting environment variables experience.

I would transform this into something like:
```
For projects that set environment backends, you can check the following tutorial: [Genezio - Environment Variables].
```

For more information about environment variables, you can check the [official documentation](https://genezio.com/docs/project-structure/backend-environment-variables).

> ## 4. Test your app
> 
> After deploying your application, you can test it to ensure it's running correctly. To verify that your Nitro.js app is working, open a web browser and navigate to the URL provided for your deployed function.
> 
> This URL can be found in the deployment output under the `Functions Deployed` section.
> 
> Additionally, you can monitor and manage your app through the [Genezio App Dashboard](https://app.genez.io/dashboard). The dashboard URL, also provided after deployment, allows you to access comprehensive views of your project's status and logs.
> 
> You can find this URL in the deployment output under the `App Dashboard URL` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4. Monitor your project

You can monitor and manage your application through the [Genezio App Dashboard](https://app.genez.io/dashboard). The dashboard URL, also provided after deployment, allows you to access comprehensive views of your project's status and logs.

```

# Genezio

> Deploy Nitro apps to Genezio.

**Preset:** `genezio`

:read-more{title="Genezio" to="https://genezio.com"}

# Project Setup

## 1. Install genezio CLI globally

```bash
npm install genezio -g
```

## 2. Login to the Genezio cloud

```bash
genezio login
```
**Note**: To install the Genezio CLI you must have Node.JS >= 18.2

**Note**: If you are experiencing permission-denied errors on Windows, run the command below in Powershell:
```powershell
Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser

> ```

Reviewer: This should not be here - in the future, we might change these information on our side (deprecate node 18.2 or fix the permission errors on Windows for good).

Instead of this, at the end of this documentation page I would add a link to our documentation or our troubleshooting section.

Author: Resolved by implementing Radu's input.
